notes
1. What is package.json?
Package.json is a configuration for npm
2. What is npm?
npm manages the dependency and take cares of packages in package.json 
3. most important dependency in package.json
it is a bundler which bundles our project (eg webpack,vite,parcel)
two types of dependences
1. dev depenices
2. normal depende
dev depend are required in development phase
normal dependencies are used for production work

command npm insall -D parcel
difference in package.json an package-lock.json
The difference between package.json and package-lock.json is that package.json is a configuration file that lists the dependencies and other metadata of a project, while package-lock.json is an automatically generated file that locks the versions of all installed dependencies. It ensures that the same versions of dependencies are installed across different environments, providing deterministic builds.

transitive dependencies
ransitive dependencies in software are the dependencies of the direct dependencies in your project. For example, if your project A depends on library B, and library B depends on library C, then library C is a transitive dependency for your project A. It's important to manage these correctly, as they can impact your project's functionality and stability.
if you have package-lock.json and package.json you can recreate your node modules

npx parcel index.html
npm install react
npm means installing a package
npx-means executing a package

-parcel
dev build
local server
file watching algorithm wriiten in c++

hot module replacement-Hot Module Replacement (HMR) in Parcel allows you to replace modules in a running application without reloading the entire page. This provides a faster iterative development experience as you don't need to wait for a full page reload to see your changes. It's especially useful for preserving application state while tweaking UI components.

caching-faster builds
image optimization
minification of our file
bundling
compressing
Consistent Hashing
Code Splitting
Differential Bundling-spporting older browsers
Diagnostic 
Error handling
Treee Shaking -removed unused code
Read Parcel Documentation


npx build parcel index.html
remove main from package.json-app.js